CSP - Added new function to remove duplicates from list (#17918)
demisto/content: Packs/Base/ReleaseNotes/1_18_13.md

#### Scripts
##### CommonServerPython

> - Add new function for removing duplicates after using **argToList**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the **remove_duplicates_from_list_arg** function for removing duplicated items in list arguments.
```
